Hello, my name is Ubaldo Acosta. I hope
you're ready to begin. Let's review the
general agenda of the Java Fundamentals
course. Are you ready? let's begin.
Starting: The Java Technology. In this
section we will study the main features
of the Java language, the origin and
evolution of this fabulous language. We
will also review the different products
and versions offered by Java technology.
We will also install the tools that
we'll use throughout the course,
including the Java Development Kit (JDK)
and we'll create the first HelloWorld
Java project. Basic Components: Variables
and Operators. In this section we'll
review the concept of variables in Java
as well as the data types that this
programming language offers to us. We'll
create some exercises to put this
concept into practice, also examine the
types of operators that Java offered to
us, as well as the reserved words of the
Java language. We'll create some
exercises to implement the use of
operators and we'll check the operator
precedence in Java. Basic Structures:
Control Sentences. We'll review the
control statements like if else and
switch, the syntax of each one, as well as
some exercises to put this concept into
practice. We also review more Java
operators which are constantly used with
the if or switch statements. Basic
Structures: Control Flow Statements.
In this section we'll analyze the while,
do while and for statement in Java.
We'll study the syntax of each one and
create several exercises to learn each
one of these concepts. Object-Oriented
Programming: Java Classes and Objects. In
this section we'll study the concept of
classes and objects in Java.
We'll see the general structure to
create a class in Java and the syntax to
create objects from
a class. These concepts are pillars in Java
technology. We'll create many exercises to
put this concept into practice. Functions:
Methods in Java. We'll define what a
method is, as well as the syntax in Java
to create methods. We'll see how to make
method calls and create an exercise to
implement this important concept in Java.
Data Handling: Arrays in Java. We'll study
the concept of Arrays of one and two
dimensions in Java. Both concepts are
the most basic data structures that
we'll use in your Java projects. We'll
also create several exercises to work
with these concepts. Class Design:
Inheritance and Encapsulation: We'll
learn the concept of inheritance in Java
and how to put this important concept
into practice in our projects. We'll also
review the concept of encapsulation and
how to apply it to our Java classes. This
is the general agenda of the Java
Fundamentals course. These are just some
of the many more topics that we'll learn
throughout this course. So, if you're
ready to begin let's start immediately :)